# amfoss-tasks - Vaishnavi G
This is vaishnavi, fresher at Amrita School of Engineering (CSE 2020)
## Who's me?
I'm Vaishnavi from Narsampet beautiful town near Warangal, the land of Kakatiya's with numerous monuments, lakes and many more attractions. From my childhood I enjoyed a lot with my family and friends. I love travelling and spending time with my family. We frequently goes for many picnics together which are really fabulous. Coming to my studies, I was studying in my home town , staying with my family till my 12th standard. I tried to join hostel in my 11th standard, but I cant leave my family and the plan failed. This is the first time I am going to leave my parents and coming out for my studies as this is the main and deciding stage of my life and that too coming very far away from my home. I got many scholarships at my school level, but as I am not interested in leaving my family, I declined those opportunities. I am happy that my brother will accompany me there. I am good at my studies from my childhood where I used to reach my short term goals. I love understanding things and concepts instead of mugging up things for marks. From my childhood this is the way I used to study, which helped me a lot to explore the subject all the time. Not only studies I am also very much interested in participating in cultural activities. From my school days I used to participate enthusiastically in every cultural program. I also participated and organized many seva activities which are taught by my parents from my childhood
